so for those of you who watch youtube
you know that subscription boxes are all
the rage right now and of course I've
been dying to try one myself however I
wanted to try one that was keeping with
my theme of trying to go with more
natural beauty products and living a
healthy life styles in addition to that
I was having a lot of trouble finding
boxes that actually shipped to canada lo
and behold most of them only ship within
the u.s. boo us Canadians of a little
bit more of a limited choice so after
some research gone one that was a
perfect fit and I couldn't wait to try
it and it's just a rhyme so I'm so
excited to bring you my first unboxing
video for the first delivery of my snack
box so snack box is basically a
subscription box that sends you
gluten-free vegan healthy snacks but you
can try I haven't even opened it you can
see it's totally sealed so you're gonna
be here to find out what's in it at the
same time that I do so let's dig in okay
so this is what I see as soon as I open
it up I don't know how much you can see
that there but it's a giant picture of a
squirrel and it says discover new snacks
to love welcome to snack box I didn't
even know this it ships out from a
goober bc so that's awesome i fully
canadian company and then what is this
oh my god the pictures are so cute it
says snack happy oh it's a guide to
everything that comes in the box this
month and it's a fifteen dollar off
coupon which is exactly how i got my box
it's say fifteen dollars off your first
snacks box so and it gives me coupon
code so i'll put it in the description
below if you guys want to try one for
yourself oh my gosh it's so full look at
that so let's see what's first one of
them i recognized right away it's when I
know that I love I'll love cuz I'm a
huge fan it's gimme organic roasted
seaweed snacks and I actually eat these
all the time i get them in a big um box
from costco and they're just basically
if you have guys
we had sushi and then nori sheets it's
the exact same thing so it's kind of
like a chip but just seaweed has tons of
minerals love it so that's number one at
least I know no matter what I'll like
something in the box number two what's
this these are nut-free whole-grain
gluten-free mini chocolate chip cookies
oh that's so cute so those look yummy my
son is one hundred percent fruit crisps
and it's Asian pear mm-hmm oh this looks
really good this is definitely something
I wanted and it's freeze-dried I love
pre-start fruit it actually leaves in
more of the nutrients than it would be
hydrating wow this is like a full-size
product ok this is tap us to go lentil
crackers and classic hummus and I'll
show you the back like look it's a full
thing of hummus but that's that's pretty
cool it says this made with natural
ingredients it's certified gluten-free
very cool so excited to try that next
one is classic kettle corn for those of
you who know me you know I love snacking
and popcorn is a big one so this is just
sweet and salty such a non-gmo corn
that's awesome that's incredible and
it's gluten-free obviously so very cool
and its brand called Angie's and you
guys can say hello to munch and she's of
course wondering what's all this stuff
I've done ok so it's dark chocolate and
goji berries with raspberry just a tiny
little sample size they feel like it's
like the full berries in there dark
chocolate surrounding a sweetened fruit
real fruit juice piece I'm not the
biggest fan of torch outlet but I'll
give these a try most likely teeth will
probably end up eating them or gosh
another full-size product look at this
and I've actually seen this in the
grocery store lately so this is exciting
it's a kia super food chea buckwheat and
hemp cereal and it's by nature's path
and it says it's gluten wheat free no
added sugar or salt and it's a vegan
that's pretty awesome it looks like at
if you guys watch Dragons Den there's a
holy crap cereal
it's kind of the same thing and I tried
that and I really liked it the only
reason I stopped buying it is because it
was a little bit expensive so I'll be
excited to try this one and especially
since I say that Loblaws all time it
just has six grams of protein and four
grams of Fighters so that's awesome look
at that too full-size products that's
pretty awesome for a subscription box
Mary's organic cookies gluten free and
vegan it's just a tiny little sam botta
know how much you guys can see that and
it doesn't see what flavor it is but
it's a cookie I'll probably like it no
matter what it is so that's exciting
well it looks like a pretty big size
product whatever it is it's macadamia
sea salt so it sounds like it sounds
like it's just a jar of macadamia nut
that's cool and there's no preservatives
or anything like that ingredients are
just macadamia nuts coconut oil and sea
salt awesome something like you would
make yourself so that's pretty good and
again a really great size product the
kids are much bigger than i was
expecting them to be Oh something else
that I know I'm gonna like so this is
king island coconut milk with coconut
water I'm a big fan of coconut water I
know that key thinks it's totally gross
but I can't get enough of it I've never
tried coconut milk mixed with coconut
water so this will be extending but I
have tried king island before and I do
like the way that they do it no flavor
added no cholesterol soy-free real
coconut no trans fats it's awesome so
that's next time we'll juice box okay
and this next one oh this is so cute so
it's apple berry jazz oatmeal on the go
says it's made with pure oats and it's
free from dairy eggs peanuts tree nuts
wheat barley rye GMO products sulfates
trans fats preservatives artificial
flavors and artificial colors whoa well
this look I'm just so excited to try
this this will be perfect to eat kind of
at work and not even really have to
worry about bringing a breakfast along
awesome okay last but not least oh this
is awesome I want to try one of these
but I've never bought one myself this is
the kind plus dark chocolate chicory
cashew bar and it's gluten-free it's a
source of fiber no sulfur dioxide low
sodium
Wow so let's eat ton of products that
you get and you can see the total comes
in at just over thirty seven dollars
which is about the same amount that you
would pay for a regular price box with
the shipping so I got a really good deal
since i got the fifteen dollars off so
far I'm pretty psyched about all the
different products I think it would make
it really easy to just bring these to
work and have lots of different things
to snack on every day I do have a really
hard time making sure I have healthy
snacks at work so these will really
really help having it kind of delivered
straight to my house prices some of them
did surprise me a little bit i mean
obviously for the smaller sample sizes
like this you're not getting a very
expensive product but this one the coal
size to real was the most expensive in
the box coming in at eight dollars ah
for the full-size bay so that was pretty
good so we'll see i'm definitely happy
that i got the first box that i'm super
excited to see what else is in store
don't mind by the way i'm sure you guys
have noticed by nanobot my poor band-aid
gross finger I slice it making some
coleslaw on the weekend with my
spiralizer so a little jump at the end
is missing but I'm hoping that it heals
soon it hurts so much though send me
your sympathies didn't your love don't
forget to like the video and subscribe
to my channel and I'll see you guys next
week hi